A shared access signature (SAS) is a URI that grants restricted access rights to Azure Storage resources.
!!!
    You can provide a shared access signature to clients that you want to grant delegate access to 
        certain storage account resources.
!!!

A shared access signature (SAS) is a signed URI that points to one or more storage resources 
    and includes a token that contains a special set of query parameters.
The token indicates how the resources may be accessed by the client.
One of the query parameters, the signature,
    is constructed from the SAS parameters and signed with the key that was used to create the SAS.
This signature is used by Azure Storage to authorize access to the storage resource.

Types of shared access signatures:
    + User delegation SAS:
        A user delegation SAS is secured with Azure Active Directory credentials and also by the permissions specified for the SAS.
        A user delegation SAS applies to Blob storage only.
    + Service SAS: 
        A service SAS is secured with the storage account key.
    + Account SAS:
        An account SAS is secured with the storage account key.
    
!!! How shared access signatures work !!!
    When you use a SAS to access data stored in Azure Storage, you need two components.
        + The first is a URI to the resource you want to access.
        +  The second part is a SAS token that you've created to authorize access to that resource.
    
!!! Choose when to use shared access signatures !!!
    Use a SAS when you want to provide secure access to resources in your storage account to any client who doesn't otherwise have permissions to those resources.
    A common scenario where a SAS is useful is a service where users read and write their own data to your storage account.
    There 2 common scenarios:
        + Frontend Proxy which is doing authentication
        + Frontend Proxy which is creating SAS and send user for using to connect actual service
    ! 
        Many real-world services may use a hybrid of these two approaches. 
        For example, some data might be processed and validated via the front-end proxy, while other data is saved and/or read directly using SAS.
    !

Explore stored access policies...
    A stored access policy provides an extra level of control over service-level shared access signatures (SAS) on the server side.
    Establishing a stored access policy groups SAS and provides more restrictions for signatures that are bound by the policy.
    The following storage resources support stored access policies:
        + Blob containers
        + File shares
        + Queues
        + Tables
    